Dr. Belis Aladag: We're going to seeing Daniel, Gavin. He's returning to our care cures report shows that his last Suboxone description was given on
Dr. Belis Aladag: January 13 2028 milligrams Suboxone by Mary Kastner
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just from the records. I see patient has a history of IV heroin use he smokes methamphetamine, and he smokes a pack of cigarettes per day. I'm just going to confirm all this with him. I'm also going to find out why he didn't follow up last time and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Get him hopefully back on Suboxone
Dr. Belis Aladag: Narc can was already prescribed. So in the note you can mention that patient was already prescribed in our can by previous provider. I'll talk to him about that too.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello.
TCL LX: Oh. Sorry to keep you waiting
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's okay. How are you, Daniel.
TCL LX: I'm good, how are you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good, good. I'm Dr. Allah DAG.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So where are you right now.
TCL LX: I'm in Crescent City, California.
TCL LX: Okay, like my actual location or like the area I'm in
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, well, I just wanted to know, because it looks like I just checked out your notes. It looks like you're returning to our care and I was just looking in. I think you told
Dr. Belis Aladag: Mary caster that you didn't have a place to stay, that you're like homeless. Are you still in that zone or what, what are you doing
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now, where are you
TCL LX: I've got a little
TCL LX: Taste camps it up. I guess there's infinite
TCL LX: A scanner. But, uh, yeah. So I'm I'm homeless right now.
TCL LX: Trying to get into a rehab.
Facility.
TCL LX: I've made some phone calls.
TCL LX: To get intake packets
TCL LX: And so I think I'm in the beginning process of that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think that's a good idea. Yeah.
TCL LX: Yeah.
TCL LX: Then I guess yeah I'm beginning process of trying to get into a rehab. I mean this rehab is, you know, the
TCL LX: The ways my option not option. They are options.
TCL LX: For treatment as you know I
TCL LX: Guess the ways
TCL LX: Do ways that I'm you know can try and get treatment for my opiate addiction.
Dr. Belis Aladag: In terms of
Dr. Belis Aladag: Rehab
Dr. Belis Aladag: I suppose your medical you know your your insurance, hopefully will pay for that, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you have any family or for anyone that supports you financially that could help you get into sober living if you were to say you want to get into sober living
TCL LX: I have family, but they're not really able to financially support me out away.
TCL LX: There.
TCL LX: There are sober living facilities around here.
TCL LX: And I'm the mental health or mental health department.
TCL LX: Has helped people you know get, you know, get a bit higher. You know, if
TCL LX: I ruin us
TCL LX: Houses and I've also talk to them you know about starting a process to
TCL LX: get myself into, you know,
TCL LX: Room.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that would be good. But I mean, getting sober is is key, so that you can get into to this kind of like a sober living situation, you have to be sober, you know,
TCL LX: Yeah, I'm I'm
TCL LX: No, no reason to continue using the to give you a grace period on on on your, you know, drug a drug test you.
TCL LX: Leave. And, you know, they do have, like,
TCL LX: You know, they understand this slip ups happen and they but after you know probation period and you know they expect you to give Queen tests which you know I would.
TCL LX: I would like be able to do
TCL LX: Will do time, I guess.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Speaking of probation. Are you still are you on probation. Do you have an officer, you check in with
TCL LX: Yeah, I do. Yeah, I haven't checked in.
TCL LX: Oh, well, if my probation officer. But yeah, I do.
TCL LX: Progression terms in the probation officer.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so for that reason to it's good for you to get sober and get organized so you can check in and test, you know, test like a negative drugs in right
Yeah.
TCL LX: Yeah, most definitely.
For sure.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And so right now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're, you're smoking meth pretty much daily and you're also using IV heroin like half a gram a day or so.
TCL LX: Right, yeah, it's, it's a
TCL LX: Close to a gram a day now.
TCL LX: Close to the ground and I'm
TCL LX: The mass intake is
TCL LX: Is a
TCL LX: Every other day or, you know, it's not can constantly daily, I guess.
TCL LX: Every
Dr. Belis Aladag: Day or so. Okay.
TCL LX: Lot. Are you sick. Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then you're still smoking cigarettes like half a pack a day.
TCL LX: Yes. Okay, well it's cut down now.
TCL LX: The
TCL LX: Funds to, you know, by many cigarettes cigarettes.
TCL LX: Okay. My, my, smoking is cut back because of
TCL LX: You know, financial hardship.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I guess that's one good thing is the cigarette use went out, but you know it's not an ideal method right
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you're at a gram a day and you have been on Suboxone like twice now in terms of like with a doctor, I think you said that you were on eight milligrams three times a day at one point.
TCL LX: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then maybe a year ago right and then about six months ago you were with us and you took some. What was your dose, then let's see. You were twice a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: So do you want to get back on the Suboxone
Yes.
TCL LX: Yeah, I'd like to use that in conjunction with possibly a rehab or
TCL LX: You know,
TCL LX: outpatient services.
TCL LX: You know, and you know that will possibly get me into a sober living environment and and having
TCL LX: Spots
TCL LX: To
TCL LX: You know, utilize utilize this Boston to, you know, my benefit will
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
TCL LX: Give me positive, you know,
TCL LX: Chant more more greater chance of success. Sure.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Of course, I think Suboxone is very important in getting sober and getting you in recovery.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So the important thing about the Suboxone is if you take it regularly like you're supposed to. It should be working for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The problem is when people forget or they purposefully don't take it and then they say, well, if I don't take it. Maybe I can use and then they use in between. So, so you really have to like discipline yourself okay I'm getting this medication. I went through all this trouble.
TCL LX: To do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: This, again, I want to take it. I'm going to take it right you know
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because when you take it, it does help you. Right. You notice that cravings go
TCL LX: Away. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. OK. So my suggestion is that we start to again and we get you to three times a day eight milligram eight milligram eight milligram breakfast, lunch, dinner.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay okay and and the way you know that you've done this twice now to start. You have to be in withdraw.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so I'm assuming you use not too long ago, right, you just used
Oh, yeah.
TCL LX: For for four to five hours.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And so, probably you won't be in withdraw all until you know i don't know me tonight or maybe tomorrow morning, when do you think you'll start
Getting into what's wrong.
TCL LX: With late tonight. You know, I would I would start
TCL LX: This you know little after dark is when I would, you know, start securing a means of, you know, not being sick, I guess, because I know and it would soon become soon after that. So, you know, around midnight I
TCL LX: Would assume
TCL LX: When I would start, I guess, more midnight ish
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so, yeah. So what we'll do now is, you'll go to the pharmacy, you'll get this medication and instead of, you know, trying to get more heroin, you'll be using this when you're in withdraw.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's really important that you hate and you go into some withdrawal. You want to get too early because it'll make you feel worse for a little bit to take it to school.
TCL LX: I've never had that happen. I mean, I've like say, Have I mean I've been taking Suboxone for I've never had that happen you know being prescribed it and taking it just, you know,
TCL LX: Being by being given some
TCL LX: Okay.
I've heard it happens.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You've heard of it. Right. Yeah, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: You have friends or people that you know that have had that probably
TCL LX: Yeah yeah
Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: But for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It sounds like you know how to take it, which is you wait you feel your withdrawal and then you can take your first dose under your tongue right
TCL LX: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's really important that you melt it under your tongue so that it gets into your blood stream that way. Okay.
TCL LX: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, okay. So let's do that. And we can start with your first dose tonight, hopefully at midnight or after midnight. OK.
OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm also going to prescribe Narcan, you know, for any in case of overdose.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's good to have on hand, it's a spray in your nostril in your notes to bring back, you know, and I suppose it would be someone else using it, but it's still good to have on your person or have with you.
Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm OK. So those are two things. And then in terms of smoking cigarettes. How about I prescribe you do you want me to prescribe you some laws and just some candy nicotine candy that you could use whenever you get like a craving.
TCL LX: That would be cool.
TCL LX: To do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That let's try that. Because you already are saying you don't have enough money for cigarettes.
TCL LX: Anyway might
Dr. Belis Aladag: As well, might as well use this candy to fill your need for nicotine. Okay. Each candy is like one cigarette. So you don't want to exceed like five or six a day. You don't want to like keep taking candies, but I'm just saying.
TCL LX: It might help kind of
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cut. Cut the craving. Okay, so I'm going to give you those three things. The Narc can for overdose prevention. I'm going to give you Suboxone to take three times a day. And then I'm going to give you the candy for the nicotine to help whenever you want a cigarette.
Are you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you able to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Come, you need to be coming to weekly meetings and the meetings are Fridays. Can you come Friday at 4pm
TCL LX: Yeah, again, to
TCL LX: Where I mean like on this zoom or
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. On zoom on zoom you come to the bright heart, the way you came in today. You come to the virtual you go into the, you know, front desk CLINIC AND YOU SAY I HAVE A 4pm appointment group appointment with Dr. Allah DAG for my medication.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You come in.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then we give you more medication. So every week. You need to come in, check in with us all that stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I recommend that you set your alarm for 330 because it takes a while to get in and get checked in. So 3:30pm every Friday 330
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just have it in your in your calendar, whatever. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That way we continue your medication. So I'll give you enough medication until this Friday and then Friday, I see you 334 and then I will give you more. Okay.
TCL LX: All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I think it will be good for you to have that consistency and see other people
Dr. Belis Aladag: And hopefully motivate to to get better and better and get yourself into a housing, you know,
TCL LX: Most definitely.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, no, no thoughts of suicide or harming yourself right
No.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I think that's all I need to know right now, Daniel. Do you have any questions for me or any, anything else we need to talk about
TCL LX: I guess you can send it to Walgreens pharmacy.
TCL LX: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let me
TCL LX: See
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let me confirm that. Let's see.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I have here, Wal Mart pharmacy. You're saying Walgreens, you want
TCL LX: Yeah, Walgreens is a little closer and
TCL LX: And
TCL LX: And Walmart here. You gotta wait in line. They only. Wow. Hundred and 50 people in the store to time.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So let me go, let me try.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Walgreens is better.
TCL LX: Yeah, it's within
TCL LX: You know,
TCL LX: within a reasonable walking distance from where I am more Walmart is no lot further away.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is this the one the Walgreens on L Street.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Walgreens on L Street. Okay, let's save this.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Crescent City. They have a food place called our daily bread. Do you know about that.
TCL LX: I do. They're not
TCL LX: There, I can see they're rarely open, but their hours are reduced.
TCL LX: I don't know how much
TCL LX: services you're providing or
TCL LX: You know,
TCL LX: How many meals or whatever, you know, I don't know exactly what they're able to provide right now do is coronavirus but
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think they're still open. So if you need something you may want to check it out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I also know that they have a ministry or something and they may have some beds available if you need a place to stay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. Just letting you know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Well,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah, I see it right here. I got the Walgreens on L street for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I'm going to send my those prescriptions. We talked about over there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then I'll see you on Friday. Hopefully by Friday. You'll feel good. You'll feel normal and not in toxic gated or altered, you know, you'll feel like, okay, I'm back. I'm clear headed right
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now, do you think that the mess use will kind of stop if you can stop your opioid if you can stop the heroin.
TCL LX: Yeah, fast.
TCL LX: Reduces heroin is just to, you know,
TCL LX: Zero and not using I will no longer you know be around, you know. No mask which you know is people people using it and you know words, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, yeah.
TCL LX: I'll stay away from those places, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I got to
TCL LX: Find alternative places to be.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I got you. So I say,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see that what you're saying is, like, if you're not around those people and those places, you probably won't seek it out.
TCL LX: Yes, correct.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, gotcha. Okay, I'm glad. Yeah, I think it's really important that you
Dr. Belis Aladag: That we get you off of the need to go for the heroin. If we can get on the Suboxone, you don't need the gold anymore. You know what I mean. And so you will stay away because your intention is to not do this anymore, not live that life you know
Dr. Belis Aladag: So once we get you feeling okay stable somewhat stable on the medication. You don't need to go back to those places or those people
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: Alright, so I am ordering this medication. So you can get going right now if you wanted. But remember, you're not going to take it until later you're going to take it after midnight probably
Maybe
Dr. Belis Aladag: A and make sure to remember. You need to come in on Friday at 330 and tell them you have an appointment for a group
TCL LX: Yes, I'll do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And we'll talk more than because I think you'll be feeling better and clear. And we'll talk more. Okay.
TCL LX: All right.
TCL LX: All right. Yes, I'm here. Thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, Daniel. I'm glad you're back.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We'll get you back on track. Okay.
TCL LX: All right. Thank you very much.
Okay, bye.